Update experimenter docs to use staging server, because the dev server is dead (#4778)
mozilla-mobile/android-components: components/service/experiments/README.md

## Testing experiments

### Accessing the Kinto staging server

To test experiments and branching, use the Kinto staging server available. **You** are responsible for cleaning up your experiments when you are finished testing.

There is no way to test branching locally only, unfortunately - you must have the experiment available on a testing server.

The staging server is only for internal testing, and requires additional permissions. Allocate at least a few days to make sure you can get the correct permissions.

You will need:
- Set up the [VPN](https://mana.mozilla.org/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=SD&title=VPN)
- Get the relevant experiment creation/approval permissions by reaching out to the Mobile Experiments team.

> The staging server interface is [here](https://settings-writer.stage.mozaws.net/v1/admin/#/), and you can log in with LDAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The staging server interface is [here](https://settings-writer.stage.mozaws.net/v1/admin/#/). Once you have completed the above prerequisites, you'll be able to log in with LDAP.
```
